You don't care about my professional status
Occupations are high and low
Why should I care about your job?
The smell on him
Why is it a bit like that woman 5 years ago?
OK
God bless
Finally, a girl has taken a fancy to my CEO Yan
Can you get married so quickly now?
I just got my kung fu certificate for going to the toilet
Of course it's fast.
By the way, I don't know your name yet.
Ah, I'll keep the marriage certificate
My name is Qin Shi
We will be husband and wife from now on
Wife, please give me a lot of advice.
Qin Shi
I think I still need to tell you
I married you to escape the blind date at home
If you don't want to
We can get a divorce.
But can you wait until three months later?
Wait three months to save enough for grandma's medical expenses
I don't have to be ferried by the Gu family anymore
It just so happens that I have to avoid the blind date at home
It's like helping each other, really
Please advise me.
In fact, Gu Qingqing
Gu Qingqing, as Mr. He's fiancee
How can you hook up with other men?